docs/getting-started/downloading.mdx, before:

---
slug: /getting-started/downloads
title: Downloading
sidebar_position: 1
---

To download and run SKlauncher, you will need to follow these simple steps:

## Downloading

:::caution
SKlauncher currently doesn't have an installer for Windows, or any other operating system.
:::

1. Download the latest version of SKlauncher from [here](https://skmedix.pl/sklauncher/downloads).
2. Select the version of SKlauncher that is compatible with your operating system
    - If you are using Windows, download the .exe file
    - If you are using Linux or Mac OS, download the .jar file
3. Follow the instructions to [install SKlauncher](/getting-started/install)

## Common Issues

Some users may find that they are unable to download SKlauncher, here are some common issues and how to fix them.

### Downloads buttons are not showing up
There are few reason why it may happen, but most common is that you are using adblocker. Please disable it and try again.
If it still doesn't work, try to wait up to 10 minutes on the error screen, it should load after that.

### File is getting downloaded as a .html file
This may happen if you're using a download manager. Please disable it and try again.

Commit message:

Still has some issues so fix them
It was tricky and seemed all good, but it had some grammar issues and a few things weren't precise.

docs/getting-started/downloading.mdx, after:

---
slug: /getting-started/downloads
title: How to Download SKlauncher
sidebar_position: 1
---

To download and run SKlauncher, you will need to follow these simple steps:

## Downloading

1. Download the latest version of SKlauncher from [here](https://skmedix.pl/sklauncher/downloads).
2. Select the version of SKlauncher compatible with your operating system:
    - For Windows, download the .exe file.
    - For Linux or Mac OS, download the .jar file.
3. After downloading SKlauncher, follow these instructions to [install SKlauncher](/getting-started/install).

## SKlauncher Download Issues

If you're unable to download SKlauncher then here are some common issues and their fixes:

### Download button not showing up

The most common reason is that you are using an ad blocker. Disable the ad blocker from the extensions menu and try again. If it still doesn't work, then maybe your internet is slow. Try waiting for up to 10 minutes on the error screen; it should load after that.

### File is getting downloaded as a .html file

The most common reason this happens is due to a download manager. Disable your download manager from the extensions menu and try again. If it still doesn't work, try manually changing the file extension from .html to the correct extension if you know what type of file it should be (e.g., .exe, .pdf, .zip). You can do this by renaming the file description and then downloading it again.
